[Music]
or the chiquis chiquis that show I hope
that super good I'm here
deputy attorney because I bring you the
recipe for chicken brochettes al
oven that was the winner makes like two
weeks that I had not been able to
share because not with a jet of
things then this problem are already
here at last so I hope that the
enjoy that the functions be for
Today's recipe is a little chicken
with chicken strips that if I stay like that
like white people because I put it
defrost in the micro winds well
it was tomato gourds
onion the tomatoes can
substitute for peppers or that I in this
case I do not have peppers but bag
tomato and onion can use it
I will make it white because it is
the one that buys and has a source
has is a purple onion is a high
source of senses sense but if
you want the white does not matter
then we will use for the oil in
aerosol
pineapple is also important pineapple
our garlic powder
Pepper
not now
and our salt
obviously we are going exactly our
sticks for skewers that are
saved
as here to sweep them and in this part
They are so pointy when it's more
that an auditor tea are flat
but they have like at the moment of being
planes help us insert things and
there are ones that are very sharp and that
it's like I do not recommend them because you
can you hurt yourself
the moment of trade at the moment of
manipulate are the implants these the
possible operatives
[Music]
very well we are going to start by chopping in
cubes the onion the tomato
the pumpkins the pineapple and the chicken are going to
do a little magic all are
lists are already chopped and perfect as
can see
they are in large cubes to chop the onion
complete the slices they leave to the
half and they are starting those that are
same
we start the calabash of matches and
sliced ​​and very thick
is the tomato form if they want the
pepper equal neither of the two with
seeds
the chicken
and the skin
all ready
the first thing I'm going to put is onion
because it will give us coke
so that they do not leave confirm them
and then pineapple I like
and I always like to put just
the pineapples
the fire
and let's start again
onion
here we are going to accommodate the skewers in
our tray
it's a bit slow but it's
perfectly indicates this then let's
to put in our tray
and we're going to start watering them with them
the bass
with functions
and the oregano
and the destruction
rich
I read to you to release more of your
taste
and they go direct to the oven at the end so it's
how is skewered and served one
Marquita retires it from the stick
and it's ready on the skewer
to 250 baked 250 by two senses by
20 25 minutes or so each furnace is
different but good more or less is a
next rival, that's how we are
let's eat the visits with a sopita
very good minister txiki chiquis I hope
that you liked how they saw similes
super good is super fast and then the
truth from the pure or to eat is a
different recipe from a different man
like pop so then do not forget
to subscribe like buddies to
your generous fingers this preclear
I leave the link where the pique or their
directly leads them to subscribe to
my channel so you do not miss the
new videos below are all my
social networks where they can not find
and well I think it would be all I want
friends for seeing me goodbye txiki